readme.md, before:

<a name="readme-top"/>

<br/>

<br />
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/zyx-0314/">
  <!-- TODO: If you want to add logo or banner you can add it here -->
    <img src="./assets/img/nyebe_white.png" alt="Nyebe" width="130" height="100">
  </a>
<!-- TODO: Change Title to the name of the title of your Project -->
  <h3 align="center">Title</h3>
</div>
<!-- TODO: Make a short description -->
<div align="center">
  Short Description. (Optional)
</div>

<br />

<!-- TODO: Change the zyx-0314 into your github username  -->
<!-- TODO: Change the WD-Template-Project into the same name of your folder -->
![](https://visit-counter.vercel.app/counter.png?page=Ceji-B/WD-Hands-On-2)

---

<br />
<br />

<!-- TODO: If you want to add more layers for your readme -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#overview">Overview</a>
      <ol>
        <li>
          <a href="#key-components">Key Components</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="#technology">Technology</a>
        </li>
      </ol>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#rules-and-principles">Rules and Principles</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#resources">Resources</a>
    </li>
  </ol>
</details>

---

## Overview

<!-- TODO: To be changed -->
<!-- The following are just sample -->
Description of the project in details.

Guiding Question:
- What is the project
- Whats the purpose
- What are key components
- What technology used and how it is used

### Key Components
<!-- TODO: List of Key Components -->
<!-- The following are just sample -->
- MultiPage Website/Single Page Website
- Parallax transition
- Transactional

### Technology
<!-- TODO: List of Technology Used -->
![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=white)

## Rules and Principles
1. Always use ***WD-*** in the Title of the Project for the Subject
2. Do not rename any .html files; always use 'index.html' as the filename.
3. File Structure to follow

```
WD-ProjectName
└─ assets
|   └─ css
|   |   └─ style.css
|   └─ js
|   |   └─ script.js
|   └─ img
|       └─ fileWith.jpeg/.jpg/.webp/.png
└─ pages
|  └─ pageName
|     └─ index.html
|     └─ assets
|        └─ css
|        |  └─ style.css
|        └─ js
|        |  └─ script.js
|        └─ img
|           └─ fileWith.jpeg/.jpg/.webp/.png
└─ index.html
└─ readme.md
```

## Resources

<!-- TODO: Add References -->
| Title | Purpose | Link |
|-|-|-|
| Sample Title | Sample purpose would be here like this and this is the example of what it is. | trykolang.com |

Commit message:

Docs(Desciption): Description was updated.

readme.md, after:

<a name="readme-top"/>

<br/>

<br />
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/zyx-0314/">
  <!-- TODO: If you want to add logo or banner you can add it here -->
    <img src="./assets/img/nyebe_white.png" alt="Nyebe" width="130" height="100">
  </a>
<!-- TODO: Change Title to the name of the title of your Project -->
  <h3 align="center">Hands On 2s</h3>
</div>
<!-- TODO: Make a short description -->
<div align="center">
  In this project, I created a visually appealing and interactive website to showcase heroes and cards, utilizing HTML, JS, and CSS. The task involved distinct design elements for both the heroes and cards, ensuring a dynamic and engaging user experience.
</div>

<br />

<!-- TODO: Change the zyx-0314 into your github username  -->
<!-- TODO: Change the WD-Template-Project into the same name of your folder -->
![](https://visit-counter.vercel.app/counter.png?page=Ceji-B/WD-Hands-On-2)

---

<br />
<br />

<!-- TODO: If you want to add more layers for your readme -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#overview">Overview</a>
      <ol>
        <li>
          <a href="#key-components">Key Components</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="#technology">Technology</a>
        </li>
      </ol>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#rules-and-principles">Rules and Principles</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#resources">Resources</a>
    </li>
  </ol>
</details>

---

## Overview

<!-- TODO: To be changed -->
<!-- The following are just sample -->
In this project, I created a visually appealing and interactive website to showcase heroes and cards, utilizing HTML, JS, and CSS. The task involved distinct design elements for both the heroes and cards, ensuring a dynamic and engaging user experience.

Guiding Question:
- What is the project
- Whats the purpose
- What are key components
- What technology used and how it is used

### Key Components
<!-- TODO: List of Key Components -->
<!-- The following are just sample -->
- Animation
- Menu
- Multiple pages

### Technology
<!-- TODO: List of Technology Used -->
![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=white)

## Rules and Principles
1. Always use ***WD-*** in the Title of the Project for the Subject
2. Do not rename any .html files; always use 'index.html' as the filename.
3. File Structure to follow

```
WD-ProjectName
└─ assets
|   └─ css
|   |   └─ style.css
|   └─ js
|   |   └─ script.js
|   └─ img
|       └─ fileWith.jpeg/.jpg/.webp/.png
└─ pages
|  └─ pageName
|     └─ index.html
|     └─ assets
|        └─ css
|        |  └─ style.css
|        └─ js
|        |  └─ script.js
|        └─ img
|           └─ fileWith.jpeg/.jpg/.webp/.png
└─ index.html
└─ readme.md
```

## Resources

<!-- TODO: Add References -->
| Title | Purpose | Link |
|-|-|-|
| Sample Title | Sample purpose would be here like this and this is the example of what it is. | trykolang.com |
